#labels Install,Buttons
<h1>How To Install Plugin:</h1>

<ul>
<li>You need to have Firebug installed on Firefox; </li>
<li>Go to project webpage - http://sirmasolutions.com/products/ml-firefox-console</li>
<li>Click the green button "Add to Firefox' and the plugin will start installing;</li>
<li>You will need to restart your Firefox after successful completion; </li>
<li>After the Firefox restart, a new tab 'ConcoleML' will be visible in Firebug. Open it and click on the Log link to setup your log configuration. </li>
</ul>

= Buttons information =

<p>LadyBird drop-down button gives you opportunity to save Entire log or just currently displayed log.</p>

<p>The Clear button clears the buffered log messages. When clicked, only new messages will be displayed.</p>

<p>The Log drop-down lets you select a configured log, edit the selected log configuration, delete the selected log configuration, or create a new log configuration.</p>

<p>The Log levels pull down enables individual filters for each error class. For each enabled error class, a button appears to the right for that level (for example, licking on Info in the Log Levels drop-down will show an info button. Clicking the Info button shows all Informational messages.</p>

<p>The Level+ button enables display of multiple classes of messages at once. The drop-down to the right of Level+ lets you select multiple classes of messages to be displayed by the Level+ button. Selecting Into class in the drop-down, then clicking Level+ shows the same result as clicking the Info button.</p>

<p>Filter buttons (Finest, Finer, Fine, Debug, Config, Info , Warning, Notice, Error, Critical, Alert, Emergency). Clicking one will display only buffered messages of that type. These buttons are enabled or disabled using the Log levels drop-down.</p>